add aside for users[x].registrations[x].roles (#2918)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/apis/_import-users-request-body.mdx

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="users[x].registrations[x].roles" type="Array<String>" optional>
    The list of roles that the User has for this registration.

>     <Aside type="note">

Reviewer: Let's not use an aside, as I don't see any other place where there's an aside in an api field definition. (I spot checked a few api docs, maybe I missed something).

Author: I wasn't going to but then I found this, happy to remove them though. How should we call out these details better so that it grabs someones attention?

https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-site/blob/7716d90ea5ca0ab8171eac1075436c4a0e10454c/astro/src/content/docs/apis/_import-users-request-body.mdx#L58

>       The string is using the role's `Name` not the role's `Id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The string is the role's `Name` not the role's `Id`, e.g. `admin` or `user-role`.
```
